---
layout: post
title:  A welcome. I think.
author: me
---

Lately, [I've been thinking about ~~you~~](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGw3w_njQ4g){:target="_blank"} writing book reviews.
After some days going around that idea, I decided to give it a go.

Goodreads gives me that possibility. It is one of more important features, but I wanted to write them in a dedicated website ~~because I'm a brat~~.

I already had one, but it is aimed at professional self branding, not personal content (well, its original purpose **was** self-branding, but ended being a total mess of incomplete projects, notes and non—sense).

But [don't get me wrong](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZxZbWmWaG4){:target="_blank"}. I don't mean that a personal and a professional persona are non-related things that can be mixed only if you want to die.

I think it's important that potential colleagues, employers, or employees (haha, sure) can see how you think, feel, and what you do outside the professional environment. Even though, I didn't want to use that website as a personal place to share those kind of things.

Also, I was starting to get some work done again (after another, already well-known for me, stand-by period).

So, to use that inertia I was generating, I wanted to start a side-website (it that's a graspable concept) to ~~get a self-approval boost everytime I googled my name~~ use it only for personal content.

And here it is! :tada: 

It's not a different website *per se* (see how sophisticated I can be?), since its only a subdomain of it, but you know... it's a different space and I like it.

I'll try to keep the content light-weight and interesting. I can only hope that you enjoy what you may read in here. I'll enjoy writing it, for sure.

Cheers.